Who replaced Grandpa's body?
Little crow, what nonsense are you talking about?
Crow, isn't this grandpa?
Snow fox tea
I want to know where my grandfather's body is
Yes
If grandpa's death has nothing to do with your life, I'm willing to take it
Never let go
Shen Wuya, my grandfather's death
It's not your turn to be a beast foster son to check it out
Did you return my grandfather's body to me?
Wuya, don't do this, he will die
Zhang always
Don't let anyone in this room leave your sister
You come with me
Dragon
I found out that someone turned on the stove at the crematorium early this morning
It's probably your grandfather.
Mr. Zhang helped me check who was in hand last night
Is to pick up the goods and go to the crematorium
Hmph, my brother is also on the road
He is not afraid of Zhang Guishou